Update S6290 and S6292 (#223)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6292/description.adoc

Amazon Marketplace Web Service credentials are designed to authenticate and authorize Amazon sellers.

> If your application interacts with Amazon MWS then it requires credentials to access all the resources it needs to function properly. The credential authenticates to a seller account which can have access to ressources like products, orders, price or shipment informations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application interacts with Amazon MWS then it requires credentials to access all the resources it needs to function properly. The credential authenticates to a seller account which can have access to resources like products, orders, price, or shipment information
```
